you're long hairs what up el Rubio here
at the HQ if it's your first time
joining us thanks for tuning in make
sure you check out our blog and our
website too we just do dope shit for men
with long hair so you should enjoy that
today I'm going to give you yet another
option to add to your quiver of
hairstyles to be using a lot of
different situations could be more
formal it could be more casual but just
a classic braid I've been playing around
with this a little bit and it's a nice
touch
so here's how we're going to do it you
can see I started off a little bit damp
here and I've got just a little bit of
product in here talk about another time
just going to comb it all straight back
the sides down there you know how much
does really get little nips sometimes so
I got it all back I'll turn it for you
here and get everything back here and
you want to get three sections so it's a
piece I'd go right up the middle and
it's really important to try get get
separation
easier said than done we go right there
we've got that separated pull that one
out and then I've got my right section
there and once you've got a wall
sectioned off now it's easy you wouldn't
have a braid elementary school and just
top over and alternating so I got my
three sections and then I'm just going
to keep pulling the outside section over
the top it's basically just keeping your
three energy dance
looking tight as I go left over right
over
left over
right over I'm going to keep alternating
there keep it nice and tight as I go
left over right
I'm going to take it down as far as I
can this is where it's important that
you get three equal sections which in
this case I really did it because when
they're all equal you can take it now up
really but I'm reaching just about to
the very end here it's pretty much
polygon
now I'm going to pinch right there at
the end and let go my tie
right there XY pinching it so you get
maximum breakage
[Music]
there we go that is just classic
straight braid and
[Music]
so what I've learned here is it really
just takes practice
you gotta keep trying and the thing is
you could probably only get about two or
three practices at once because your
arms really start getting tired when you
hold them up there and this is great
it's just totally out of the way this
could be a little more formal setting or
if you're going on a bike ride or go to
the gym or whatever you just want it out
of your face and it looks pretty killer
in the back too when you got it all
twisted up so that's your classic
straight braid gives you another option
to work with when you're heading out
there try something different but hey
give it a try give us some practice see
how it goes for you and let us know go
check out the website check out the blog
see some of our other stuff for Megan
with long hair keep letting it ride
thanks guys sir
[Music]
you